Added IsPublishing bool feature flag (#22)
ONSdigital/dp-legacy-cache-api: README.md

| MONGODB_CONNECT_TIMEOUT      | 5s                              | The timeout when connecting to MongoDB (`time.Duration` format)                                                    |
| MONGODB_QUERY_TIMEOUT        | 15s                             | The timeout for querying MongoDB (`time.Duration` format)                                                          |
| MONGODB_IS_SSL               | false                           | Switch to use (or not) TLS when connecting to mongodb                                                              |
| GRACEFUL_SHUTDOWN_TIMEOUT    | 5s                              | The graceful shutdown timeout in seconds (`time.Duration` format)                                                  |
| HEALTHCHECK_INTERVAL         | 30s                             | Time between self-healthchecks (`time.Duration` format)                                                            |
| HEALTHCHECK_CRITICAL_TIMEOUT | 90s                             | Time to wait until an unhealthy dependent propagates its state to make this app unhealthy (`time.Duration` format) |

> | IS_PUBLISHING                | true                            | Determines if the instance is publishing or not                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| IS_PUBLISHING                | false                            | Determines if the instance is in publishing or not                                                                    |
```

> Copyright © 2023, Office for National Statistics (https://www.ons.gov.uk)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copyright © 2024, Office for National Statistics (https://www.ons.gov.uk)
```

| MONGODB_IS_SSL                     | false                                                      | Switch to use (or not) TLS when connecting to mongodb                                                               |
| GRACEFUL_SHUTDOWN_TIMEOUT          | 5s                                                         | The graceful shutdown timeout in seconds (`time.Duration` format)                                                   |
| HEALTHCHECK_INTERVAL               | 30s                                                        | Time between self-healthchecks (`time.Duration` format)                                                             |

> | HEALTHCHECK_CRITICAL_TIMEOUT       | 90s                                                        | Time to wait until an unhealthy dependent propagates its                                                            |

Reviewer 2: Since you're fixing this line, you may as well fix the description (it looks like it was cropped at some point). It should say:

```
Time to wait until an unhealthy dependent propagates its state to make this app unhealthy (`time.Duration` format)
```
